That would require a telnet client enabled on my PC scrolling down I can see as an example that the
polling method is used for those devices and MP and the polling interval is 120 seconds.
I can see as an example the interfaces and the state of those interfaces we can see other information
about the device including that it was reputed.
Let's have a look at rowdier to see his router too.
We can see information about the node.
Once again that it's up we can see that it's being Pold with an empty we can see the interfaces once
again.
So let's have a look at serial is 0 0 0 0 in this case we can see the utilization isn't very high on
the scene to face because no traffic is being sent.
And we can see that the interface is up to the router to interface serial 0 slash 0.
That's the interface that we're looking at in NPM or shut the interface down interfaces going down I'll
click poll and now.
And as you can see the interface is being shut down.
That interface has gone down in Wireshark.
We can see that a message was sent from NPM to the router and the router then responded with information
about the IDs on the device.
So let's do that again.
What I'll do is restart the capture.
We're going to search for SMP and I'm going to specify an IP address 10 at one point one hundred or
two.
So we can see requests from the management station and then responses back from the Rodda.
What I'll do now is no shut the interface so bring it up.
So I'm bringing up serial 0 slash zero back in the management interface.
I'll click poll now and notice there are no values for different IDs and now responses are coming back
from the Rodda poll again interface's up.
So it was done previously.
So the NPM device is able to retrieve status information of network interfaces by using SMP.
We can see for instance the speed of the interface utilization and other options on the interface of
the Rodda all running within Jeana's 3.